# find-fake-gold-bar
Fetch Coding Challenge
In this project, I used Java as the programming language. I utilized Maven for dependency management and as a project management tool, where I keep all of my dependencies in the "pom.xml" file. I employed the Cucumber tool to write my Feature files in Gherkin language following the BDD approach (usually, I also include DDT when I have a lot of data in test cases with the help of data tables). I used Selenium WebDriver to test the UI of the provided application. I used JUnit for assertions and validations. I have a properties file where I store all the configurations, such as the URL link and browser type (in a real project, I would store all URL links, usernames, passwords, and endpoints there, so that they can change from environment to environment). In this project, I applied OOP concepts. Additionally, I used the Page Object Model (POM) and Singleton Pattern to design my framework.

Note: To run this project, go to src -> test -> java -> fetch.sdetchallenge -> runners -> you will see there are 2 classes. You need to run the "UiRegressionRunner" class. I have a second class just for demonstration purposes. In resources -> properties -> I have "config.properties" where I set up the browser to "headless". In the "Driver" class (utils package), I had to set up Chrome to version "126.0.6478.127". Please make sure that your Chrome is up to date. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact me. Thank you and have a good day!
